# Sports-Revenue-Predictive-Analysis

Kabaddi, a traditional sport from the Indian subcontinent dates back 4000 years. The game being simple to grasp is one of the main reasons why people are keenly interested in this sport. The interest however boomed after the commencement of the annual “Pro Kabaddi League” (PKL) in India. The tournament league soared to popularity during its first-ever season, becoming the second most followed sport in India. However, sports fans in India are spoiled for choices; Watching the matches from the stadiums versus enjoying with friends and family from the comfort of their homes!

PKL is played in indoor stadiums following a home-away format. The unmatched atmosphere helps amplify the hair-raising action on mat. The venues are air-conditioned and equipped with laser lights and booming music, which not only enriches the matchday experience but also attracts an ample amount of audience as, on-field viewers. The tickets have a huge demand and sell off rapidly once the booking starts. People are ready to spend huge amounts on the tickets and wait eagerly to cheer their favourite teams.
On the other hand, streaming options through OTT platforms offer a mouth-watering menu of sporting fare to the board. People prefer to watch it on their electronic gadgets such as television, laptop or mobile due to the multi-camera telecast and colourful 3D graphics. The coverage being done in multiple regional languages is another reason for people transitioning as online viewers instead of on-field viewers. Online viewers are ready to spend the amount for the subscription and enjoy the matches in their comfort zone instead of being present physically to witness the joy.

Hence, we decided to create an economic model which will try to bring the data insights on how the economic model shift happens from on-field viewers to online viewers. It will help the management understand whether people are interested in buying tickets and watching the match on field or prefer buying an OTT subscription to witness the match. This will assist the board in making the business decisions and strategic management.
• The above-mentioned scenario is depicted in EER diagram with respective entities and relationships as mentioned below.
▪ The Kabaddi board organises the tournament. The board has members with a unique member ID, member name, member age and has a Board Director who manages the board. Various teams participate in the tournament.
▪ The tournament is conducted once in year. There is a date associated with the match, start time, end time and duration are noted.
▪ Team has a unique team ID, team name, manager, and multiple sponsors. There is an owner of the team, the owner’s purse amount, nationality of the owner and owner name are present. The team owner sells the merchandise rights to a merchandise company with company ID, company name, email, and address. The merchandise company sells goodies to the audience.
▪ There are two types of audience. Few prefer watching the match through OTT platform whereas few prefer live action on-field. There are online viewers who can sometimes go to the field as on-field viewers by buying a ticket.
▪ The team has players with name, age, player ID and the players have years of experience. The board sells the tickets for live matches at a fixed price. The tickets will contain the unique ticket number, seat number and price.
▪ The OTT rights are sold to an OTT company by the Kabaddi board. The OTT company has a company ID, company name, email along with the subscription plan amount. The OTT company offers subscription to the viewers with a unique subscription ID. The subscriber details such as subscriber name and phone number are provided.
